Welcome to The Broken Script: Aftermath.

The mod begins affecting your world once you defeat Skeletron, unless you change it in the config.

Features:
Entities (Execute, Follow, Obliteration, Observe, Possessor, SiluetR2, SubAnomalyOne)
Random Events
Structures made by me and the TBS:Aftermath community.
Corrupted Moon & Corrupted Day events
One subworld (excluded from multiplayer currently)
Multiplayer compatibility system-wide.
Commands for events and random events.
Client-side and Server-side settings.
Custom shading for Corrupted Events and Locations.
ARG Elements?

Description:
The Broken Script: Aftermath is an original TModLoader mod set in the aftermath of The Broken Script's / Mark101's events.
It is built from the ground up solely by me (AjuliDev), with occasional debugging help from other developers such as GabeHasWon, which helped me save a lot of time.
It's The Broken Script, in a new world, a new setting, but with the same dread.

Story:
A group of five friends was operating a local neighborhood server, running both Terraria and Minecraft. The Minecraft server session was modded, and running a version of Spectrum11.jar. The problem with that version, is that it was not the one distributed by the original developers, and as such, it's MD5 hash was different, and they knew about this, calling it "recreational deception". This would make all the difference, because after a few days of playing, a cascading degradation phenomenon occurred, designated Integrity, and it manifested throughout the entire server infrastructure, not only corrupting data, but taking over the systems, the players computers as well as the players themselves.
The players were found in a catatonic state at their desks, unresponsive.
The cascading degradation phenomenon, known as Integrity, without any barriers in it's way, began probing adjacent services, finding the Terraria server, which maintained one active connection.
Over time, the entire ecosystem which Terraria ran upon, as well as Terraria, was consumed.
Countermeasures must be deployed, because as soon as a new world is started, weird phenomena start to happen.

Social Links:
Join my discord server! [ Argon Bright - The Broken Script: Aftermath ][discord.gg]

Join Minecraft TBS development team's discord server![ Minecraft The Broken Script ][discord.gg]

Credits
AjuliDev for making The Broken Script: Aftermath's code and assets.
Minecraft's The Broken Script Development Team for their hard work and blessing!
wendigodrip
redstonewizard08
.yharim.
alternate_benny
choosingberry29
dominiklol
ebridger
pencilhtml
eyae.
jd__g
mc.01
kaomoji5314
raevant.gg
stevelocks
tekkitdooood
gary_go_brr
zetos404
tornadicpolarity
mpyritor
rdh540
shadowmaster435
lungsfried_
eldritch
l0v3m1st
+ knightxtra from The Administration!
Mark101's ARG Youtube Series for being the main inspiration behind all things The Broken Script!
The TModLoader discord server community for feedback on the functionality and ideas behind this mod and what's to come!
"SCP-x4x (Mind Leech)" Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 4.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/